README.md, before:

# Ansible Role Consul

Role for deploying a consul cluster on long running servers.

## Supported OSes

This role has been tested on these OSes:

* RedHat Enterprise 7.5

## Role Variables

`application_group` group the user will be a member of

> Default: consul

`application_user` user to run consul as

> Default: consul

`application_version` version of consul to install. This is only used as part of the application download link, so this variable can be ignored if the download link is updated to not contain `{{ application_version }}`.

> Default: 1.2.1

`application_download_link` The path to download consul.

> Default: `"https://releases.hashicorp.com/consul/{{ application_version }}/consul_{{ application_version }}_linux_amd64.zip"`

`host_group_name` Name of the group in the inventory file containing the servers to run the role against. This is used to update the consul configuration file with all the servers in the cluster as part of the bootstrap process.

> Default: consuls

## How to import into your playbook

To use this playbook in your playbook, install it from the ansible galaxy using the command below

`ansible-galaxy install twinsnes.consul`

Then add it to your playbook file and update any variables as in the example below.

``` yaml
---
- hosts: vaults
  become: true
  roles:
    - name: twinsnes.consul
      vars:
        host_group_name: vaults
```

Keep in mind that the host_group_name variable has to match the group of servers that this role is being deployed to in the inventory file

Commit message:

Made firwalld optional using  var. Defaults to true

README.md, after:

# Ansible Role Consul

Role for deploying a consul cluster on long running servers.

## Supported OSes

This role has been tested on these OSes:

* RedHat Enterprise 7.5

## Role Variables

`application_group` group the user will be a member of

> Default: consul

`application_user` user to run consul as

> Default: consul

`application_version` version of consul to install. This is only used as part of the application download link, so this variable can be ignored if the download link is updated to not contain `{{ application_version }}`.

> Default: 1.2.1

`application_download_link` The path to download consul.

> Default: `"https://releases.hashicorp.com/consul/{{ application_version }}/consul_{{ application_version }}_linux_amd64.zip"`

`host_group_name` Name of the group in the inventory file containing the servers to run the role against. This is used to update the consul configuration file with all the servers in the cluster as part of the bootstrap process.

> Default: consuls

`use_firewalld` If firewalld should be installed and set up for use with this installation

> Default true

## How to import into your playbook

To use this playbook in your playbook, install it from the ansible galaxy using the command below

`ansible-galaxy install twinsnes.consul`

Then add it to your playbook file and update any variables as in the example below.

``` yaml
---
- hosts: vaults
  become: true
  roles:
    - name: twinsnes.consul
      vars:
        host_group_name: vaults
```

Keep in mind that the host_group_name variable has to match the group of servers that this role is being deployed to in the inventory file
